hello everyone welcome back to part
three in the conclusion of this replay
over here blademaster now just finishing
off the remanence is of a pocket factory
those clockwork goblins able to deal
some damage towards that blade master
Blademaster getting level 5 off of that
that's just God or hurt knowing that you
gave your opponent level 5 off off of a
sudden that you couldn't move that was
that's just really really bad taking a
look we finally have Scrolls of helium
being purchased by remind so level 4 on
that team 100 level 3 on that base
master I'm now going to be trying to
push in on this Great Hall as strong as
this army is this magical army not very
good at trying to take down trying to
take down any of buildings as it's all
magical damage coming back over here we
have Raiders instead even though that
tree of life is trying to smack back
those orcs in the face it's not going to
really deal that much damage & Down Goes
oh wow very perfectly done shockwave
very mad props to Lin for that able what
the heck was that I I don't know what
that was I thought I saw soooo town
portal but it wasn't a squirrel town but
it was almost like can't you can't
cancel a town portal anyways a Raider is
now coming back and Raiders going to be
focusing down that I'm focusing on that
altar of elders altar elders now getting
taken down so no additional pocket
factories no no tier 2 or not no oh my
gosh no Goblin tinker can't even think
straight right now remind now moving out
no longer mining out any from any
position so remind sitting on the this
last goldmine gold mine down to six
hundred gold approximately so within a
minute those gold mines will be mined
out demon hunter now moving out we mind
moving out as well both players trying
to save up and buy items for what I
believe to be the last fight blademaster
coming around that corner perhaps into
becoming in perhaps trying to take down
some of these units in transition every
single unit at this stage in the game
matters very very much Beastmaster
getting oh nice manner burn on that and
blade master Blademaster losing a
hundred mana would not be able to win
walk nearly as much but bleh master was
already win walked pretty fast right now
tauren chieftain the Signet level 5 has
a potion of mana
a book of the dead so we'll see what
happens in that last fight if in fact
remind decides to bring some wisp in
that last fight he will be able to
detonate against those units and just
feed him experience goblin tinker's
sitting at level three resurrected from
the tavern and now just trying to heal
back up does have a potion of greater
hewing nice another mana burn and
another just quick hit on that on that
late master blademaster down to us and
what taking some damage over time from
that orb of venom and down it goes or it
has now been debuff Raiders once again
trying to do a little bit more of an in
there trying to get some additional
items perhaps getting some additional
gold from these creeps just trying to
pull them away that's a really really
far way to pull some of these units as
you're going to perhaps can summon
snares off don't know why he decided to
pull them back that far and not engage
them and that that is awfully strange
once again we have the demon hunter and
the demon hunter Beastmaster I'm
blademaster attempting to move on a land
not really moving it moving on out once
again we have the we have these peasants
now coming and Down Goes that red Drake
red Drake Guinea and snare getting
focused down and that red Drake not even
really fighting back as it just gets
killed tome of agility plus two being
picked up in a row but Matt I plus six
tauren chieftain getting the perfect
items in order to get more shock waves
and that blade master gets more
essentially a plus two claws of attack
at this stage the blade master dealing
upwards of 60 damage times to what times
three that's going to be 180 damage
critical strike on the high end and now
the speed scroll being used as that late
master able to just continue to run
around pocket factory use and now a
couple in the snares mana flare remind
with those mana flares and the pocket
fat but well pocket rockets in order to
just try to stun all those units so I'm
now those peasants who create trying to
take down that pocket factory pocket
factor we gonna get taken down no down
to 13 hit points as more units continued
to fight so more clockwork goblins still
being generated a lot of Units just up
in the air can dignify another
disenchant more shock wave that
shockwave didn't hit really anything
except for that goblin tinker tinker
does have a potion of healing so
continuing to fight blade masters up in
the air tauren chieftain up in the air
blademaster trying to take down another
nice stun stopping all of that damage
just momentarily and another shock wave
finally taking down that goblin tinker
but a lot of Units taken down from bio
from by remaining
from Lynn so Eunice now on the move
losing a single hero more fairy dragons
with that plus 12 armor trying to
prevent any additional perhaps man Oh at
any additional dissin chance and trying
to get as much very far as they can
Beastmaster doesn't back to have a
potion of elestren vulnerability should
be able to get out of this fight if he
needs to demon hunter continuing the
fight able to spread out that poison
damage as much as you can a demon hunter
transferring a potion of healing using
it and now continue to fight using the
scroll of you mean as well so very very
long fight here as rudd raiders getting
taken down quill bees getting taken out
blade master gets taking on that level
five so level five blade master taking
down level four beasts master in a level
four demon hunter now doing the rest of
the chasing and that may be it as that
tauren chieftain is now singing at level
five uses a what the Book of the Dead
trying to push out of there but make it
taken down level five torn sheets and
output once again up in the air and we
had those fairy dragons red fairy dragon
is just in man eau claire mode level for
level five on that I'm demon hunter just
continued of trying to fight those druid
to the talent now trying to pull back
away once again and those fairy dragons
adjusted I'm just still up in the air
not really doing much Lynn now getting
level six on the tauren chieftain tauren
chieftain might get resurrected if it
goes down I'm not sure if you really
want to kill him anymore as a tauren
chieftain sitting at level at level 6
but no no does not want to focus it down
you gotta hit it you gotta hit it oh my
gosh that is so that is so funny knowing
that as soon as he hits it that that
Torchic is going to come back even
stronger tauren chieftain now down and
that peasant getting ensnare to join
chieftain now resurrected with full
energy and full mana and that torch even
getting a shock wave off almost hitting
that demon hunter demon hunter down 153
hit points used to the scroll town
portal transfer to that beast master
team hunter trying to stay within range
and able to pull back wow this is just
crazy now demon hunter continuing this
fight about shockwave that demon her
make it taken down no potions of healing
no additional real way to church try to
fight back ancient of winds now trying
to fight back and again in this space
but that George you've been able to get
another shock wave off that poor demon
hunter trying to escape tourge too may
be able to get another shock wave off
and take down that demon hunter Dima her
down 20 able to get a mana burn off so a
little bit of
just cat and mouse game as a fight
between the two and linds tauren
chieftain going to go down and that's
going to be GG wow what a close game
between Lin and remind here on ancient
il-2 really down to the wire don't know
who really played the better game they
both played really really well thanks
for watching thanks for listening hope
you guys enjoyed this replay here from
inch in aisle two